Add first swarm provider use case guide (#3)
aucloud/terraform-provider-swarm: docs/guides/use_case_3_manager_swarm.md

> # Swarm Provider Use Case - 3 node manager swarm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
page_title: "Creating a 3-manager node Swarm Cluster with vSphere"
---

# Creating a 3-manager node Swarm Cluster with vSphere
```
